Expand WIT overview section (#288)
bytecodealliance/component-docs: component-model/src/design/wit.md

# An Overview of WIT

We've explained how worlds and interfaces

> define how components relate to each other.

Author: Changed in [81c91ef](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/pull/288/commits/81c91efbc6166edd1370b0eb8e61a809f98cc8f0)

To define a new component, you will need to define worlds and interfaces
by writing code in the Wasm Interface Type (WIT) language.
WIT also serves as documentation for existing components
that you may wish to use.

The WIT (Wasm Interface Type) language is used to define Component Model [interfaces](#interfaces) and [worlds](#worlds).
WIT isn't a general-purpose programming language and doesn't define behaviour;

> it defines only _contracts_ between components.

Reviewer: These two lines feel like they should be the first ones

### Options

`option<T>` for any type `T` may contain a value of type `T`, or may contain no value.
`T` can be any type, built-in or user-defined.
For example, a lookup function might return an option in order to allow
for the possibility that the lookup key wasn't found:

```wit
option<customer>
```

This is similar to Rust `Option`, C++ `std::optional`, or Haskell `Maybe`.

> This is a special case of a [variant](#variants) type.
> WIT defines it so that there is a common way of expressing it,
> so that you don't need to create a variant type for every value type,
> and to enable it to be mapped idiomatically into languages with option types.

### Results

> `result<T, E>` for any types `T` and `E

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`result<T, E>` for any types `T` and `E`
```

may contain a value of type `T` _or_ a value of type `E`
(but not both).
This is typically used for "value or error" situations:

> for example, a HTTP request function might return a result,

Reviewer: This kind of becomes a run-on, I wonder if we can just delete the line about typical use and start from "for example"

Author: Done in [929bd2b](https://github.com/bytecodealliance/component-docs/pull/288/commits/929bd2b88402716e869aceb137aec8d274a2b292)

with the success case (the `T` type) representing a HTTP response,
and the error case (the `E` type) representing the various kinds of error that might occur:

```wit
result<http-response, http-error>
```

This is similar to Rust `Result`, or Haskell `Either`.

> This is a special case of a [variant](#variants) type.

> > WIT defines it so that there is a common way of expressing it,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> WIT defines the `result` type so that there is a common way of expressing this behavior,
```

Unrelated to these changes but would be nice to improve this while we're here

> > so that you don't need to create a variant type for every combination of value and error types,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> so that developers don't need to create variant types for every combination of value and error types,
```

> and to enable it to be mapped idiomatically into languages with result or "either" types.

Sometimes there is no data associated with one or both of the cases.
For example, a `print` function could return an error code if it fails,
but has nothing to return if it succeeds.
In this case, you can omit the corresponding type as follows:

```wit
result<u32>     // no data associated with the error case
result<_, u32>  // no data associated with the success case
result          // no data associated with either case
```

> The underscore `_` stands in for "no data".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The underscore `_` stands in "no data" and is generally represented as the unit type in a target language (e.g. `()` in rust, `null` in Javsacript).
```

## User-defined types

You can define your own types within an `interface` or `world`.

> WIT offers several ways of defining new types.

Reviewer: Could we collapse this into something like

"New domain specific types can be defined within an `interface` or `world`"

}
```

This can provide a simpler representation in languages without discriminated unions.
For example, a WIT `enum` can translate directly to a C/C++ `enum`.

### Resources

A resource is a handle to some entity that exists outside of the component.
Resources describe entities that can't or shouldn't be copied:
entities that should be passed by reference rather than by value.
Components can pass resources to each other via a handle.
They can pass ownership of resources, or pass non-owned references to resources.

> If you're not familiar with the concepts of borrowing and ownership

> > for pointers, see [the Rust documentation](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/ch04-01-what-is-ownership.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> for references, see [the Rust documentation](https://doc.rust-lang.org/book/ch04-01-what-is-ownership.html).
```

}
```

This can provide a simpler representation in languages without discriminated unions.

> For example, a WIT `enum` can translate directly to a C `enum`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, a WIT `enum` can translate directly to a C/C++ `enum`.
```

I assume the ++ drop was intentional but maybe we can include both here?

### Resources

A resources is a handle to some entity that exists outside of the component.

> Resources describe things that shouldn't be passed by value
> because they can't or shouldn't be copied.
> Instead, they should be passed by reference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resources describe entities that can't or shouldn't be copied; entities that should
be passed by reference rather than by value.
```

What do you think about this summarization? Does it make it a bit more clear/concise?
